

It's been delightful having Adreana in the class for the Fall session! She has consistantly shown a readiness to participate,and to improve based on feedback. Adreana needs to continue working on her frontcrawlm ensuring that regularly breaths to the side. Wonderful work this session! Enjoy the rest of the weekend! :)


It's been delightful teaching William for the Fall session! He has consistantly demonstrated a willingness to participate,and to improve based on feedback. William needs to continue to focus on his frontcrawl ensuring that he is consistantly breathing to the side and keeping his body in a streamline position. With backcrawl William needs to focus on maintaining a constant arm action, where both arms are always moving. Wonderful work this session! Enjoy the rest of the weekend! :)


It's been delightful having Preston in the class for the Fall session! He's made a lot of progress, and I’m confident that he will continue to show great strides in picking up essential swimming skills. Preston needs to continue to focus on his front crawl, making sure that he has an alternate arm action, and overarm recovery on every pull. Fixing these things will help him achieve longer distances as well, which will be important in higher levels. Great effort and enthusiasm this session! Hope you have a terrific Holidays! :)


It's been delightful teaching Giovanni for the Fall session! He has always shown an eagerness to participate,and to improve based on feedback. Giovanni needs to continue to practice his front crawl, and that he has an alternate arm action with overarm recovery on every stroke (making sure not to drag his hands through the water). Great effort and enthusiasm this session! Hope you have a terrific Holidays! :)


It's been delightful teaching Chelsea for the Fall session! She has consistantly demonstrated an eagerness to participate,and to improve based on feedback. Chelsea needs to continue to practice her eggbeater, making sure to drive with knees apart; and with her feet wider than her knees.  Great effort and enthusiasm this session! Hope you have an amazing Holidays! :)


It's been delightful having Matthew in the class for the Fall session! Matthew needs to continue working on his breastroke, ensuring that he glides with every stroke, and focuses on getting the correct "pull-breathe-kick-glide"sequence of the stroke.He is consistantly eager to participate, and to improve based on feedback!  Wonderful work this session! Enjoy the rest of the weekend! :)


It's been delightful having Ava in the class for the Fall session! She has consistantly shown a willingness to participate,and to improve based on feedback. Ava needs to continue practicing holding her breath under water, and kicking on her front, making sure to blow bubbles.  Great effort and enthusiasm this session! Enjoy the rest of the weekend! :)


It's been a pleasure having Kymorah in the class for the Fall session! She is always eager to participate, and to improve based on feedback! Kymorah needs to continue to focus on kicking, making sure that she has pointed toes, and blows bubbles under water when kicking on her front.  Wonderful work this session! Hope you have a terrific Holidays! :)


It's been a pleasure having Mia in the class for the Fall session! Mia needs to continue working on kicking on her front, making sure to have a regular breathing pattern. This will become especially important in higher swimming levels with longer swimming distances. She has always shown a readiness to participate,and to improve based on feedback.  Wonderful work this session! Enjoy the rest of the weekend! :)


It's been a pleasure having Palamakumbura in the class for the Fall session! She's shown a great deal of progress, and I’m confident that she will continue to develop her swimming abilities! Palamakumburaneeds to continue to focus on blowing bubbles, particularly when kicking on her front.  Wonderful work this session! Enjoy the rest of the weekend! :)


It's been delightful having Tavian in the class for the Fall session! Tavian needs to continue to practice kicking on his front, making sure to have a consistant rhythmic kick and alternate leg drive, as well as always blowing bubbles. He's demonstrated a great deal of improvement, and I’m confident that he will continue to show great strides in picking up essential swimming skills.  Great effort and enthusiasm this session! Enjoy the rest of the weekend! :)


It's been a pleasure teaching Victoria for the Fall session! Victoria needs to continue working on blowing bubbles underwater, and holding her breath under water. This will also help her develop and progress on other swimming drills as well. She is always eager to participate, and to improve based on feedback!  Great effort and enthusiasm this session! Enjoy the rest of the weekend! :)


It's been delightful having Caio in the class for the Fall session! He has consistantly shown a willingness to participate,and to improve based on feedback. Caio needs to continue to practice doing flutter kicking, making sure that he doesn't bend his knees too much, and maintains regular rhythmic leg action.  Great effort and enthusiasm this session! Enjoy the rest of the weekend! :)


It's been delightful teaching Alex for the Fall session! He has consistantly made a willingness to participate,and to improve based on feedback. Alex needs to continue to practice front crawl, making sure to have a regular breathing pattern. Alex would also benefit from slowing down his arm action at times, to ensure that he is not dragging his arms through the water, and has a full overarm recovery on every stroke. Great effort and enthusiasm this session! Hope you have a terrific Holidays! :)


It's been delightful teaching Dorsa for the Fall session! Dorsaneeds to continue to focus on backcrawl, ensuring that she is always kicking and that both arms are always moving (i.e. making sure that one arm is not lagging behind the other). She has always made a readiness to participate,and to improve based on feedback.  Wonderful work this session! Enjoy the rest of the weekend! :)


It's been a pleasure having Emma in the class for the Fall session! She is always eager to participate, and to improve based on feedback! Emma needs to continue working on front crawl, making sure to maintain a regular breathing pattern and pulling the water all the way back on every stroke.Wonderful work this session! Hope you have an amazing Holidays! :)


It's been delightful teaching Sean for the Fall session! He has consistantly demonstrated a willingness to participate,and to improve based on feedback. Sean needs to continue working on his front flutter kick, ensuring that he is doing large enough movements with his feet to generate forward momentum.Great effort and enthusiasm this session! Hope you have a terrific Holidays! :)


It's been a pleasure teaching Sonia for the Fall session! Sonia needs to continue practice holding her breath under water, and blowing bubbles. Developing these skills will also be transferable to other swimming drills such as kicking on her front which requires blowing bubbles. Similarly, doing jumps into the water would also be useful in developing other skills. Great effort and enthusiasm this session! Enjoy the rest of the weekend! :)